docs/content/FSharpLint.SourceLength.md, before:

#SourceLength

Set of rules that analyse the length of sections of code.

###Analyser Settings

N/A

###Rules

####MaxLinesInFunction

#####Cause

A function is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

The larger a function becomes the more complex it becomes, it also indicates that it may have too many different responsibilities.

#####How To Fix

Refactor to extract out code into smaller composable functions.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a function. (Default 70)

####MaxLinesInLambdaFunction

#####Cause

A lambda function is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

Lambda functions are usually used for single lines of code that aren't worth naming to make code more concise. A large lambda function indicates it should probably be a named function.

#####How To Fix

Consider using a named function rather than a lambda function.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a lambda function. (Default 5)

####MaxLinesInMatchLambdaFunction

#####Cause

A match function is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

The larger a function becomes the more complex it becomes, it also indicates that it may have too many different responsibilities.

#####How To Fix

Use active patterns to help reduce the number of matches/extract code out into composable functions.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a match function. (Default 70)

####MaxLinesInValue

#####Cause

A statement binded to a value is made up of more than a configurable number of lines. 
For example the following would break the rule when the maximum number of lines is set to 4:

    let value = 
		let x = 7
		let y = 6
		let e = 5
		let r = 4
		r * y * e * x

#####Rationale

The larger a value becomes the more complex it becomes.

#####How To Fix

Refactor to extract out code into smaller composable functions.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a value binding. (Default 70)

####MaxLinesInConstructor

#####Cause

A class constructor is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

The larger a constructor becomes the more complex it becomes, it also indicates that it may have too many different responsibilities.

#####How To Fix

Extract code out into private methods or functions.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a class constructor. (Default 70)

####MaxLinesInMember

#####Cause

A member is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

The larger a member becomes the more complex it becomes, it also indicates that it may have too many different responsibilities.

#####How To Fix

Extract code out into private methods or functions.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a member. (Default 70)

####MaxLinesInProperty

#####Cause

A property is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

The larger a property becomes the more complex it becomes, it also indicates that it may have too many different responsibilities.

#####How To Fix

Extract code out into private methods or functions.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a property. (Default 70)

####MaxLinesInClass

#####Cause

A class is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

The larger a class becomes the more complex it becomes, it also indicates that it may have [too many different responsibilities](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_responsibility_principle).

#####How To Fix

Extract code out into smaller composable classes.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a class. (Default 500)

####MaxLinesInEnum

#####Cause

An enum is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

The larger a enum becomes the more complex it becomes, it also indicates that all the items may not be related.

#####How To Fix

Extract code out into smaller enums.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a enum. (Default 500)

####MaxLinesInUnion

#####Cause

A discriminated union is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

The larger a discriminated union becomes the more complex it becomes, it also indicates that all the items may not be related.

#####How To Fix

Extract code out into smaller composed discriminated unions.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a discriminated union. (Default 500)

####MaxLinesInRecord

#####Cause

A record is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

The larger a record becomes the more complex it becomes, it also indicates that all the items may not be related.

#####How To Fix

Extract code out into smaller composed records.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a record. (Default 500)

####MaxLinesInModule

#####Cause

A module is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

The larger a module becomes the more complex it becomes, it also indicates that it may have too many different responsibilities.

#####How To Fix

Extract code out into smaller modules.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a module. (Default 1000)

Commit message:

Added analyser wide enabled settings #72

docs/content/FSharpLint.SourceLength.md, after:

#SourceLength

Set of rules that analyse the length of sections of code.

###Analyser Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this analyser. (Default true)

###Rules

####MaxLinesInFunction

#####Cause

A function is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

The larger a function becomes the more complex it becomes, it also indicates that it may have too many different responsibilities.

#####How To Fix

Refactor to extract out code into smaller composable functions.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a function. (Default 70)

####MaxLinesInLambdaFunction

#####Cause

A lambda function is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

Lambda functions are usually used for single lines of code that aren't worth naming to make code more concise. A large lambda function indicates it should probably be a named function.

#####How To Fix

Consider using a named function rather than a lambda function.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a lambda function. (Default 5)

####MaxLinesInMatchLambdaFunction

#####Cause

A match function is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

The larger a function becomes the more complex it becomes, it also indicates that it may have too many different responsibilities.

#####How To Fix

Use active patterns to help reduce the number of matches/extract code out into composable functions.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a match function. (Default 70)

####MaxLinesInValue

#####Cause

A statement binded to a value is made up of more than a configurable number of lines. 
For example the following would break the rule when the maximum number of lines is set to 4:

    let value = 
		let x = 7
		let y = 6
		let e = 5
		let r = 4
		r * y * e * x

#####Rationale

The larger a value becomes the more complex it becomes.

#####How To Fix

Refactor to extract out code into smaller composable functions.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a value binding. (Default 70)

####MaxLinesInConstructor

#####Cause

A class constructor is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

The larger a constructor becomes the more complex it becomes, it also indicates that it may have too many different responsibilities.

#####How To Fix

Extract code out into private methods or functions.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a class constructor. (Default 70)

####MaxLinesInMember

#####Cause

A member is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

The larger a member becomes the more complex it becomes, it also indicates that it may have too many different responsibilities.

#####How To Fix

Extract code out into private methods or functions.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a member. (Default 70)

####MaxLinesInProperty

#####Cause

A property is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

The larger a property becomes the more complex it becomes, it also indicates that it may have too many different responsibilities.

#####How To Fix

Extract code out into private methods or functions.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a property. (Default 70)

####MaxLinesInClass

#####Cause

A class is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

The larger a class becomes the more complex it becomes, it also indicates that it may have [too many different responsibilities](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_responsibility_principle).

#####How To Fix

Extract code out into smaller composable classes.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a class. (Default 500)

####MaxLinesInEnum

#####Cause

An enum is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

The larger a enum becomes the more complex it becomes, it also indicates that all the items may not be related.

#####How To Fix

Extract code out into smaller enums.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a enum. (Default 500)

####MaxLinesInUnion

#####Cause

A discriminated union is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

The larger a discriminated union becomes the more complex it becomes, it also indicates that all the items may not be related.

#####How To Fix

Extract code out into smaller composed discriminated unions.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a discriminated union. (Default 500)

####MaxLinesInRecord

#####Cause

A record is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

The larger a record becomes the more complex it becomes, it also indicates that all the items may not be related.

#####How To Fix

Extract code out into smaller composed records.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a record. (Default 500)

####MaxLinesInModule

#####Cause

A module is made up of more than a configurable number of lines.

#####Rationale

The larger a module becomes the more complex it becomes, it also indicates that it may have too many different responsibilities.

#####How To Fix

Extract code out into smaller modules.

#####Rule Settings

`Enabled` - A boolean property that can enable and disable this rule. (Default true)
`Lines` - Maximum number of lines in a module. (Default 1000)
