docs/content/how-tos/rules/FL0077.md, before:

---
title: FL0077
category: how-to
hide_menu: true
---

# AvoidSinglePipeOperator (FL0077)

*Introduced in `0.21.5`*

## Cause

Use of the pipe operator when only one invocation is employed.

## Rationale

When the use of the pipe operator happens for a single invocation (instead of a multiple one, which would add a chain of them, usually staggered across 
many lines), it doesn't aid readibility.

This rule does not apply to functions with more than one argument. The reason for that is primarily application of higher-order functions
such as `map` or `iter`, for which type inference may break without using pipe operator. And it also it helps to have the collection,
which is iterated over, to be on top.

Example of single pipe operator usage:

```fsharp
let someFunc someParam =
    someParam
    |> someOtherFunc
```

Example of multiple pipe operator usage:

```fsharp
let someFunc someParam =
    someParam
    |> someOtherFunc
    |> yetAnotherFunc
```

Example of single pipe applied to function with several arguments:

```fsharp
projectsInOrder 
    |> Seq.map(fun proj -> proj.AbsolutePath |> FileInfo)
```

## How To Fix

Just use a normal function call, without the need for any operator:

```fsharp
let someFunc someParam =
    someOtherFunc someParam
```

## Rule Settings

    {
        "avoidSinglePipeOperator": { "enabled": false }
    }

Commit message:

AvoidSinglePipeOperator: fix rule
To not fire if the first argument to pipe operator (`|>`) takes
more than one line.

Also updated docs to reflect changes in the rule behavior.

docs/content/how-tos/rules/FL0077.md, after:

---
title: FL0077
category: how-to
hide_menu: true
---

# AvoidSinglePipeOperator (FL0077)

*Introduced in `0.21.5`*

## Cause

Use of the pipe operator when only one invocation is employed.

## Rationale

When the use of the pipe operator happens for a single invocation (instead of a multiple one, which would add a chain of them, usually staggered across 
many lines), it doesn't aid readibility.

This rule does not apply to functions with more than one argument. The reason for that is primarily application of higher-order functions
such as `map` or `iter`, for which type inference may break without using pipe operator. And it also it helps to have the collection,
which is iterated over, to be on top.

This rule also does not apply when an argument passed to pipe operator spans multiple lines.

Example of single pipe operator usage:

```fsharp
let someFunc someParam =
    someParam
    |> someOtherFunc
```

Example of multiple pipe operator usage:

```fsharp
let someFunc someParam =
    someParam
    |> someOtherFunc
    |> yetAnotherFunc
```

Example of single pipe applied to function with several arguments:

```fsharp
projectsInOrder 
    |> Seq.map(fun proj -> proj.AbsolutePath |> FileInfo)
```

Example of single pipe applied to an argument that spans multiple lines:

```fsharp
[
    "John"
    "Doe"
]
|> List.length
```

## How To Fix

Just use a normal function call, without the need for any operator:

```fsharp
let someFunc someParam =
    someOtherFunc someParam
```

## Rule Settings

    {
        "avoidSinglePipeOperator": { "enabled": false }
    }
